Behind me is HMS Defender.
It's a new generation of royal ships.
It's an amazing engineering effort.
He is able to shoot a small dron at a distance of 40 km.
It is capable of tracking up to 2,000 targets at a time.
It's a destroyer who has himself and the rest of the fleet
protect them by destroying the missiles before they get closer.
It is the masterpiece of modern military engineering.
She, like every ship, has a structural fault that you will not get rid of,
when you're making something out of steel.
If you place such a metal in a strong magnetic field,
it begins to absorb some magnetism.
It starts to deviate the compasses
and attract magnetic mines.
These were developed during World War II
and should focus on all sources of magnetic signals,
such as on ships that have some time on the water,
and explode with them.
Of course, we talk about sea mines.
How can you defend yourself from them?
Today, complex demagnetizing equipment is used on ships.
But in the past, they were pulling a cable of 2,000 amperes in the past.
Or they used giant demagnetizing coils,
which were larger than the ship itself.
They did the same thing, like CRT monitors.
When you pressed the button, they did ...
For a moment they were distorted.
But what if you want to get closer to the mines?
What if your ship's mission is to get rid of min?
You have to get close to them, but do not run them.
Away downstream of Tower Bridge, this ship is anchored.
HMS Middleton, Hunt Class Hunting Specialist min.
It's basically a minesweeper.
Can tell how many mines are in a square matrix ...
Just kidding.
Seeks and destroys mines.
And he is able to do so without the mine exploding.
Not made of metal.
It is made of fiberglass.
He is able to find and destroy mines,
which attract magnetic things,
because it is not made of anything magnetic.
It's a plastic ship.
It sounds ridiculous in itself,
but this ship is able to protect better from one particular threat
than anything else in the Royal Navy.
Translation: Mithril www.videcaesky.cz